Created MySQL docs, Vertex AI docs, and step.entrypoint() (#698)
zenml-io/zenml: docs/book/advanced-guide/guide-aws-gcp-azure.md

# Guide for cloud-specific deployments

This guide will show how you can run your pipelines in Kubeflow Pipelines 

> deployed to a public cloud cluster. We will start with some pre-requisites and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
deployed to a public cloud cluster. We will start with some prerequisites and 
```

then move on to show the integration of your cloud provider's components with 
your ZenML stack. In addition to configuring the stack components in this guide,
you can optionally run a pipeline step on a specialized cloud backend too. 
Check out the step operators [guide](step-operators.md) for that!

{% hint style="info" %}
We have recently also added a Vertex AI orchestrator to our arsenal of
orchestrators (thanks @Gabriel Martin). So if you are running on GCP and want to

> go for a serverless alternative to Kubeflow, check out our example on how to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
try out a serverless alternative to Kubeflow, check out our example on how to
```
